README.md, before:

# SmudgeLord - Telegram Golang bot

<img height="180" align="right" alt="SmudgeLord" src="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR_6NO13JhSH6IpRwmZ6av0RdmVKU45vlHmdNuxleP7CXHWc65Ggj7P9lbKZPVc4iDi16A"/>

> SmudgeLord is a bot developed in Golang written in golang using the [Golang Telegram Bot library](//github.com/go-telegram/bot) with some fun and useful functions

SmugeLord (Smudge The Cat) is a cat that has become a meme on the internet. His fame arose from an image in which he is seen next to a woman shouting angrily\
**This project has no connection to Smudge The Cat, I'm just using his name and image because I'm a big fan of the cat.**

## Features

- **Completely open-source:** Anyone can view and contribute to the code.
- **Multi-lang:** Supports provides internationalization (I18N) and localization (L10N).
- **Fast and Modern:** Written in go, a modern lang designed to provide high performance with native support for efficient concurrency, fast compilation and static typing.

## Requirements

- Go 1.22+
- [FFmpeg](//ffmpeg.org)
- [Telegram bot token](//t.me/botfather)

## Donate — Help keep the project alive and up-to-date

[<img src="https://assets-global.website-files.com/5c14e387dab576fe667689cf/64f1a9ddd0246590df69ea1a_kofi_short_button_dark%25402x-p-500.png" alt='Donate with Ko-Fi' height="50">](//ko-fi.com/ruizlenato)

### License

_Licensed under the terms of the ![GNU General Public License v3 (GPLv3)](/LICENSE) - [Luiz Renato](//ruizlenato@proton.me)_

Commit message:

refactor: rebrand SmudgeLord to Eleine
Signed-off-by: angelomds42 <angelomds42@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Eleine - Telegram Golang Bot

<img height="150" align="right" alt="Eleine" src="https://i.imgur.com/EgzeDHD.jpeg" />

> Eleine is an fork of [SmudgeLord](https://github.com/ruizlenato/SmudgeLord), developed in Golang using the [Go Telegram Bot library](https://github.com/go-telegram/bot).

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Take care of your `.env` file, as it is very important and needs to be kept secret (like your passwords). Anyone with access to this token can control your bot!

## Features

- **Completely open-source:** Anyone can view and contribute to the code.
- **Multi-lang:** Supports provides internationalization (I18N) and localization (L10N).
- **Fast and Modern:** Written in go, a modern lang designed to provide high performance with native support for efficient concurrency, fast compilation and static typing.


## Requirements
- Go 1.22+
- [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org)
- [Bot Token](https://t.me/botfather)

## Support the Original Project
This fork exists thanks to the work of [ruizlenato](https://github.com/ruizlenato). Help keep the original project active:

PIX & PayPal:
`ruizlenato@proton.me`

[<img src="https://assets-global.website-files.com/5c14e387dab576fe667689cf/64f1a9ddd0246590df69ea1a_kofi_short_button_dark%25402x-p-500.png" alt='Donate via Ko-Fi' height="50">](https://ko-fi.com/ruizlenato)

### License
![GPLv3](/LICENSE)
Original fork by [ruizlenato](https://github.com/ruizlenato)
